Important Notes to run this program probably :
1- To start the game correctly:
	1.1 From (Ozlympic Game) menu: select the first 
		option then press enter.
	1.2 Three sports would be displayed so you have to 
		choose one of them by entering its number then
		click enter.
	1.3 The game would be registered and given an ID.

2- After that, you can either predict who is going to 
   	be the winner or you can skip it. If you would like
   	to take part:
   	2.1 Enter number 2 then press enter to see athletes.
   	2.2 Player names will be listed so look at it and guess
   	   who is the winner and type his name then click enter
   	   so your thought has been stored.
   	2.3 Note: It does not matter to use upper or lower case in
   	   keyboard.

3- Now you are ready to start the game so you can start it
	
   	by entering number 3 then click enter.
   	3.1 The game has began directly and each competitor
   		will get his finishing time. 
   	3.2 Game ID, referee name and end time for all players
   		will be displayed without a score or arrangement.
   	3.3 when the game run, athletes will be displayed
   		based on the lowest achieved time check regardless
   		previous points. To display based on points see 
   		below option (Display Final Results for All Games). 

4- To see the final result for all games and check user
	prediction select number 4 and click enter.
	4.1 Here you can see all athletes results and who is
		the first, second and third and so on.
	4.2 if user prediction was correct, there will be a
		congratulation message displayed.
	4.3 Here the user will see the history of all games
		and all these information will be stored in 
		array list.

5- Finally, it is possible to see all athletes' points
	by entering number 5 then press enter.
	5.1 here the game ID, referee, athlete ID, name and points
		will be printed out.
	5.2 Total points will be incremented from game to game
		so the total points will be changed as long as the 
		athlete got new points.

6- By entering number 6, the program would be terminated 

Important Notes:
1. To start the game, you have to select one game first then you can start it.
2. If a game was selected but not started, the user cannot choose another one until the previous game is started. 
3. Starting two games at the same time is not possible at this stage.
4. All errors were handled so any inconvenient typing will be handled probably.
5. I assume that all games have only one referee.
6. Sometimes, two or more athletes got the same finishing time so I keep it as it is because this is possible in real life.
7. When game started, the athletes will be ordered based on achieved time to know who is the first and second and so on.
8. The athletes order can be seen based on their total points from option number 4 for all games. 










  